### Business Logic Improvements & Bug Fixing:

- **Availability Date Validation** - In my point of view, the user should not be allowed to select dates in the past for booking.
  - I'm talking about selecting a date using **mat-datepicker** in **booking-availability.component.html** on frontend side. I have removed the ability to select dates in the past.
  - I also added an extra check for this on the backend, so that invalid data is also checked. This happens when the endpoint **/api/v1/travel_packages/availability/{date}** is called
- **Cache** - I highly recommend implementing data caching on the backend side. Especially on endpoints such as **/api/v1/spaceships** and **api/v1/propellants**

### Project Structure Improvements (Backend):

- **Project Structure** - I have redesigned the structure of the project, this does not improve the application, but I personally feel more comfortable working with classes and interfaces that are split into packages because of the functions they perform.
- **Interface Driven Controllers** - I have added interfaces for all controllers, which I think is a must. For example, we might have two different versions of the controller – due to this requirement **opening a subsidiary on Mars (and possibly a third one on Ceres)** – that have the same method signatures. In that case, we'd have a considerable amount of duplicated annotations that accompany the method definitions. **You should always use the full power of OOP when you have the opportunity to do so**
- **String Constants** - I also put a description of the errors that are thrown in the application in the enum. It is much easier to use string variables when they are in one place based on the logic they represent. Especially in the case of error messages

### Deployment Improvement:

- **Different Environment** - As I noticed there is only one docker-compose file in the project and no separate configuration files for backend and frontend projects for different environments.  There should be different docker-compose files and configuration files for each deployment for each environment (e.g. development, demo, production).

### Minor improvements and possible vulnerabilities (Backend):

- **Final Method Arguments** - In the whole project, you need to make the arguments of the methods final. To protect yourself from inadvertently changing variables unnecessarily
- **@Data Lombok Possible Vulnerabilities**
    - Equals()/hashCode() implementation for JPA entities is a sensitive subject. Naturally, entities are mutable. Even the id of an entity is often generated by a database, so it gets changed after the entity is first persisted. It will provide unexpected results during working with Entities in context of data structures which based on hashCode (HashMap, HashSet, etc.)
    - Always exclude lazy attributes when using @ToString
    - Don’t forget to add @NoArgsConstructor to entities with @Builder or @AllArgsConstructor.